# UF Brain Recording Analysis and Visualization Online Platform (UF BRAVO Platform)

## Overview

University of Florida Brain Recording Analysis and Visualization Online (BRAVO) Platform is a Python-based data analysis tool for processing and analyzing session data collected with sensing-enabled neurostimulators such as Medtronic Percept neurostimulator.

The BRAVO Repository is an updated version when compared to the original BRAVO_SSR Repository, where developmental features are actively updated. 

The original BRAVO_SSR will be kept alive because it offers capabilities that might be desirable by others, such as Server-side Rendererd Figure Div using Django Template. However, future updates will be primarily focused on the React version for better code organization and figure templating. 

## Documentation

Currently, the active documentation generated by docs folder will be published at [https://bravo-documentation.jcagle.solutions/](https://bravo-documentation.jcagle.solutions/). 
The documentation written using Sphinx with Read-the-docs theme for both Python and Javascript libraries. More information will be described inside the documentation page.

## Front-end Host

Frontend webpage is designed to work with user's local database if the user only installed the Server without frontend. Check out the hosted page at [https://uf-bravo.jcagle.solutions/](https://uf-bravo.jcagle.solutions/) where you simply adjust the Server Host IP to your localhost to use your local database.

## Feature Requests and BUG Report

Please use Github's "Issues" feature to request features or report BUGs. This is an ongoing project and your support in identifying issues in the project will be significantly important for future users. 

## Citation

Cagle, J. N., Johnson, K. A., Almeida, L., Wong, J. K., Ramirez-Zamora, A., Okun, M. S., ... & de Hemptinne, C. (2023). Brain Recording Analysis and Visualization Online (BRAVO): An open-source visualization tool for deep brain stimulation data. Brain Stimulation, 16(3), 793-797.

## References

Strelow, J. N., Dembek, T. A., Baldermann, J. C., Andrade, P., Jergas, H., Visser-Vandewalle, V., & Barbe, M. T. (2022). Local field potential-guided contact selection using chronically implanted sensing devices for deep brain stimulation in Parkinson’s disease. Brain Sciences, 12(12), 1726.