Version 2.1.1
===============================================

Overview
---------------------------------------------
UF Brain Recording and Analysis Visualization Online (BRAVO) Platform Version 2.1.1 is a minor update to v2.1.0. The primary changes is the 
inclusion of containeraized program for Docker Desktop. 

Major Changes 
---------------------------------------------

.. topic:: 1. Docker Image for Self-Contained Program

  Docker Images are created for Client and Server component of the BRAVO Platform. A Docker Compose file is created for people to pull/launch containeraized program 
  via commandline easily. A guide of how to use Docker is shown in :doc:`Docker Container Tutorials </Tutorials/DockerGuide>`

Minor Changes 
---------------------------------------------

.. topic:: 1. Adaptive DBS Parameter Extraction from Therapy History

  Therapy History will now extract aDBS parameters alongside with normal therapy configurations. 
  aDBS configuration will contain information about threshold, onset/offset duration, and signal bypassing. 

.. topic:: 2. Adaptive DBS Parameter for Chronic Neural Activity

  Chronic Neural Activity page will now omit data collected during aDBS Bypass condition (noted as `GangedToHemisphere` in third party medical device's JSON file). 
  Stimulation amplitude is shown alongside of Chronic Neural Activity data. Multi-device will be a selectable input toggle. 

.. topic:: 3. User can give electrode and target customized name

  User can configure name for electrode because sometime device may have name different from standard Left/Right annotation.

.. topic:: 4. Neural Activity Streaming now includes toggle to use contralateral hemisphere stimulation label for PSD computation.

  An old feature from v1.0 is making its way back. We can now toggle the display to show PSD in Neural Activity Streaming page in different parsing condition, 
  such as using contralateral stimulation label. 
