Version 2.2.0
===============================================

Overview
---------------------------------------------
UF Brain Recording and Analysis Visualization Online (BRAVO) Platform Version 2.2.0 is a major update to the BRAVO that contains multiple breaking changes. 
The change is primarily associated with data formating and organization. In addition, the third party medical device format decoder is being updated to better handle missing 
data during recordings and corrupted format downloaded from third party medical company's Tablet. 

Secondly, a major update in this version is to establish the preliminary Online-Analysis-Interface that allow user to design their own analysis flow using
either external annotations, markers, or recordings in combination with third party medical device. This is still a preliminary design and updates are expected in the 2.2.x. 

Thirdly, relatively minor update is to lay foundation for mobile companion app for collecting wearable sensor data. 

Major Changes 
---------------------------------------------

.. topic:: 1. IPG Decoder Update

  Third party medical device JSON structures are not always consistent. Errors often occur when there are mismatching TimeDomain/PowerDomain channels. Previously,
  such inconsistent would lead to removal of one or the other channel as the data structure "require" the presence of both TimeDomain recordings 
  and PowerDomain/Stimulation parameters. In new format, we split the TimeDomain recordings from PowerDomain/Stimulation recordings to make them more independent. 
  Therefore, data will be stored, though specific analysis will still not be availble (such as effect of stimulation) if one or the other data is not in the JSON file. 

.. topic:: 2. External Recordings and New Data Structure 

  External Recordings are now available to be uploaded via the same interface as :ref:`Upload JSON Files` interface. A universal data structure is designed 
  to handle all data source in the same pipeline. 

.. topic:: 3. Analysis Builder 

  The analysis builder is an Online Analysis Interface that allow users to add processing steps based on existing uploaded data. More functions will be added in times to come. 
  V2.2.0 will only introduce the foundation to ensure database's capabilities to handle such task. 

Minor Changes 
---------------------------------------------

.. topic:: 1. Mobile Account Pairing and Generation

  The UF BRAVO Wearable App has been in development for over a year, originally designed as a completely offline data collection tool that 
  collect MBIENTLAB Sensor data and Apple Watches Movement Disorder Kit data along with other HealthKit information with higher sampling rate and better 
  battery than existing tools without the need of a tethering phone. 
  As the development continues, we decided to make the mobile app public for people to use, and through doing so we 
  design it to use BRAVO Authentication system as Apple require a sign-in account for public apps that uses research capabilities. 